Finding Leads for eCommerce MyIP.ms Before you start: What you’ll need: Department Stores, Amazon MyIP.MS Media, Awards Instagram Account Facebook Account Instagram MyIP.ms Facebook Ad Library MyIP.MS is a website database that allows you to search websites via a number of filters including KickStarter host, visitors, location and site name. As Shopfiy is the most popular ecommerce platform, this allows you to search via this filter to find ecommerce businesses. Use the following filter settings: Top Level Host: Shopify Popularity (visitors per day): 300-3000 Full/ Part Website Name: within the niche Search for your niche or popular names You can then export these leads as a spreadsheet using this: www.imarketing.courses Department Stores, Amazon Department stores websites - or even Amazon - are great sources for leads who also offer direct-toconsumer sales via eCommerce. For example, in the UK, you could go to Selfridges and search for ‘Vegan’ or on Amazon and search for ‘Smart Watches’ . Media, Awards This is a handy technique both for lead sourcing, and for outreach. Search on Google for: Best *** Companies in the UK/ USA etc., 2021 Fastest Growing *** Companies 2021 New *** Companies 2021 Take a look at this example : Even though this is a low yield, you have an easy angle to email these companies: let them know where you found them (i.e. the article): this shows them you have an organic reason for reaching out. Instagram The Instagram algorithm is almost always spoken about negatively but this simple method allows you to use it for your benefit. Start by going to the Instagram account of a company that you would like to work with - or one which is similar. This doesn’t mean you should go to Nike’s page if you want to work with a small start-up (try and pick a smaller brand that’s more similar to the type you want to go after). For example, Will’s Vegan Shoes. If you’re looking to work with ethical retailers, there are larger examples: like Stella McCartney but these are mega brands which are nearly impossible to sign. Head over to their Instagram page: www.imarketing.courses When you click ‘follow’, a bar will appear above the Story Highlights: www.imarketing.courses Click ‘See All’ and Instagram will provide you with a list of similar businesses based off similar followers: Facebook Ad Library The Facebook Ads Library now allows you to search by keyword. For example, you may search ‘dog’ and be served with thousands of potential leads: www.imarketing.courses When you hover over the Facebook page, it will display the number of likes. This will allow you to steer clear of mega brands. Next, click through to the Facebook page and perform an audit as you would usually. KickStarter KickStarter is an incredible database of fully-to- partially-funded businesses which you can filter by industry. Take a look at technology products which have been fully-funded. Again, this is a natural angle for outreach. Go to their search function , choose your category, and filter by ‘>100% funded’ to see complete projects.


Finding Leads for Local Businesses D7 Lead Finder Before you start: What you’ll need: Google Maps Facebook Account Groupon Instagram Account Facebook Groups D7 Lead Finder D7 Lead Finder is a tool which scrapes search engines and other databases to provide a database to your specifications. There are multiple tiers. The starter is more than appropriate for beginner agency owners and allows 10 daily searches and 3,500 daily leads. Other tiers offer extra functionality such as detecting Facebook pixels, and whether companies are running Facebook or Google adverts - but are much more expensive.

How to Qualify Clients Website: Facebook Pixel: Make sure you have the Facebook pixel helper tool installed. Social media: Does the website have a Facebook pixel installed? Facebook ads: Does the website have multiple Facebook pixels installed? Website: Use SimilarWeb to search for traffic and acquisition. Are they cookie-compliant in the EU (do they display a prominent opt-out feature for cookies)? Does the website have a privacy policy? Does the website have a terms and conditions section? Has the website received more than 10,000 visits in the last six months according to SimilarWeb? Is the website well-designed and up-to-date? Does the website use clunky language or is there a suggestion that production descriptions have been copied and pasted? Social media: Does their Instagram page have a respectable following? (In excess of 5,000 followers) Do they have an active Facebook page? Does their Instagram page post regularly? Does their Instagram page post high-quality content including lifestyle content or graphicdesigned content (rather than pack shots)? Facebook ads: Look up the brand in the Facebook Ad Library to see if they are running Facebook ads. Does the company already run Facebook ads? Do they have more than three ads running? Are they using multiple creatives and copy? Are their creatives low-quality or packshots? Is their copy clunky, short-form or unlikely to convert? Are they utilising offers, or different URLs, indicating a funnel?


Email Personalisation Email personalisation is essential to a successful email campaign. Failure to do so will result in a quick ABC Personalisation dismissal of your email, even if it is opened. Personalisations are often referred to as ‘icebreakers’. They should be kept short, in one-or-two sentences, and genuine. Individual Personalisation Individual personalisation is the most effective but most time consuming form of email personalisation. It involves going through each one of your leads and researching their business enough to provide a personalised compliment. The most obvious choices of personalisation are a company’s corporate social responsibility initiatives e.g., sustainability, charity. For example: Lead: BULLDOG Skincare “Hey %F.Name%, Massive congratulations for achieving a carbon neutral certification for your moisturisers! That’s such an awesome thing you guys are doing for the environment. Lead: Neon Moon “Hey %F.Name%, You guys are awesome. Seriously. Seeing representation of so many different body types in marketing is incredibly important - thank you for helping so many improve their body confidence. However, note that for some brands or companies, it may be difficult to find a CSR angle. So instead, you could try another tactic like admiration, humour or something specific to the niche. www.imarketing.courses For example: Lead: Mayors Watches London “Hey %F.Name%, Full transparency: it’s a guilty pleasure of mine to check out your latest additions when I break for lunch.. I came close to selling a kidney when I saw the Speedmaster ‘TinTin’ came in a few days ago... Lead: Super Smiles Boston “Hey %F.Name%, What’s the worst time to get a dentist’s appointment? 2.30. Get it? Tooth...hurty… Sorry. I’ll move on: A common mistake agency owners make in outreach is to lie or exaggerate to leads. This comes across as incredibly disingenuous. For example, stating that you own - or intend to purchase a product. Note that in all the examples - this hasn’t been hinted, and the admiration appears genuine. Note: You might also wish to personalise your message with reference to where you found the lead. For example, if you heard them on a podcast, read about them in an article, or on Groupon - reference this. ABC Personalisation Whilst individual personalisation is incredibly time consuming, ABC Personalisation is much more efficient and can be easily outsourced. ABC Personalisation involves creating three personalisations which can be applied to multiple companies within one niche. For example, if you were emailing companies in the babycare niche you could employ the following personalisations: Personalisation A: “Hey %F.Name%, It’s incredible to see a company that puts such a focus on natural and raw materials into baby care products - massive kudos for this.” Personalisation B: “Hey %F.Name%, I don’t think I’ve ever seen a babycare website with so many positive reviews. Thank you for improving the lives of new moms everywhere.” Personalisation C: www.imarketing.courses “Hey %F.Name%, It’s not often I come across a product designed for babies that I would quite like myself but in the case of %COMPANY% I think I’ve found it…” Once you have created your ABC personalisations, you can then go through your leads and add ‘A’, ‘B’, or ‘C’ next to each name. There will still be outliers but this remains an effective way of creating mass personalisation.

Before you start: Two Lead Lists Make a decision as to whether you want to use Pipedrive or Trello as your CRM. At only $15 per month for the ‘essential plan’ - I think that pipedrive is a no brainer. Bear in mind that AgenciFlow will PipeDrive Setup soon have CRM functionality. Considering that most Agency Navigator students have AF - once it comes out, it would probably be worth you cancelling your PipeDrive subscription. Trello Setup Get PipeDrive HERE Get Trello HERE Two Lead Lists: Most people make the mistake of having simply one lead list & then it gets totally congested. You need to make sure to have two lead lists, one for your active leads still going through your sales process and then another one for your idle leads. This second lead list is there to be reactivated 3 months after the last touch point. PipeDrive Setup: Create an account with all your credentials. Setup two pipelines, the first being ‘Active List’ & the second one ‘Reactivation List’ In the active list, create 8 pipeline stages: Prospect, 1st TP, 2nd TP, 3rd TP, 4th TP, Appointment Booked, Meeting & Closed Client. In the reactivation list, create 3 pipeline stages: ‘Time Out, Re-Activate & Re-activated’ Each new ‘deal’ is a prospect. Make sure that you fill in the information correctly and keep the deal info up to date. Trello Setup: Create an account with all your credentials. Setup two boards, the first being ‘Active List’ & the second one ‘Reactivation List’ In the active board, create 8 pipeline lists: Prospect, 1st TP, 2nd TP, 3rd TP, 4th TP, Appointment Booked, Meeting & Closed Client. In the reactivation board, create 3 pipeline lists: ‘Time Out, Re-Activate & Re-activated’ In the active board, create a card and add these details to it: Contact Name: Business Name: Date of Added Lead: First Contact: Phone Number: Email: Website: Instagram: Facebook: Save this as a template, whenever you want to add a new deal - you’ll be able to use the template. Make sure all of your sales notes & activities go into the ‘activities’ section of the Trello card.

Profile Funnel The platforms you can use Before you start: Using a profile funnel is really just a way to use social media to find leads, warm them up & use The System content to get in-bound or at least for receptive prospects. Step 1: Post content & make the If I could have just one form of outreach, this would be it. That said, it’s a very slow starter and takes market aware of who you are 3-6 months just to even warm up. After that point, it’ll bring in a nice steady stream of leads. A profile funnel is something you really need to stay consistent with. You can’t slack on the content Types of Posts nor the messaging. The platforms you can use Step 2: Engage & Connect With Prospects Facebook - This is definitely the gold standard in regards to profile funnels. It’s very easy to find ideal Step 3: Massage a conversation into a prospects in groups & soon enough you get high quality leads reaching out to you personally. meeting LinkedIn - There’s a behemoth module on this, so I won’t touch on it too much here. This platform has turned into a bit of a cesspool with all the automations, but it’s still powerful if you can build a niche personal brand on here. Instagram - Definitely inferior to Facebook, but still a very powerful place to build a niche personal brand, connect with people, post content/client wins & go from there. Twitter - I honestly didn’t realise until recently what a gold mine Twitter is. Definitely a place where you can build a micro niche brand & bring in a bunch of leads. Note: I’ll be using Facebook as the exemplar, but these tactics apply to all platforms. The System Post content & make the market aware of who you are. Engage & connect with prospects. Massage a conversation into a meeting. Step 1: Post content & make the market aware of who you are. The first step in this process is to optimise your Facebook profile. Here’s the steps in order to do this: Remove any of your Facebook friends from high school, college, colleagues, etc so you have a clean Facebook account. Some of the old posts are valuable though as they show that it’s not an entirely brand new account. Remove any photos that aren’t flattering in the biz world. Drinking photos, partying photos, etc. Make your bio explain exactly what you do & a CTA to book in a demo call, request an audit, whatever your angle is! Just use a regular banner, not anything too salesy as we don’t want to scare people away when they look at our profile. Once we get to 2,000 friends and have a stronger social presence, then it makes sense to add a banner. www.imarketing.courses Once you’ve done this - your profile is clean, presentable and ready to start posting content on. When it comes to posting content, the best thing you can do is have a posting schedule. I recommend you wait until you have 300 friends before you commit time to posting content. Once you get to 300 friends, then do short client win posts, questions to your market & punchy posts. No point in committing to heavy posts at this stage. From 1,000+ friends onwards, that’s when it really makes sense to post lengthier stuff and share what’s going on at the agency, long client testimonials, long value posts etc. 0-300 Facebook Friends: Do a post every 1-2 weeks, keep adding 10 friends a day & accept as many a day as you like. 300-1000 Facebook Friends: Post 3-5 times per week. 1,000+ Facebook Friends: Post every day. Types of Posts: Rather than giving you an exact schedule of what to post on what day, I’ll give you some frameworks and you can mix & match them. Client win - Self explanatory, you post a win from one of your clients. Pole - You throw up a pole on your FB profile & ask a question. Value Post - This is something long & substantial where you share some value with your audience. Commentary - Share your view on something, keep it punchy. Ask your audience what they think of it? Comment Stack - This is where you create a free resource for your audience & tell people to comment a specific word if they want it. This builds what's known as a comment stack. Now keep in mind that you can post multiple of the same type of post each week. I would definitely recommend that you check out some twitter accounts to see how people post punchy, engaging stuff. You want to make sure that it’s 80-90% value, humour, wins & easy to digest content, then 10-20% heavy hitting CTA content. Last thing to remember is you should post some of this content in FB groups where your ideal prospect resides. Just make sure you don’t do client wins or strong call to action posts. Step 2: Engage & Connect With Prospects On Facebook you can add 10 people per day, but accept as many friend requests as you like. In order to find ideal prospects & also have people start reaching out to you - the process is simple: Find 8-10 groups with your ideal customer. You might have to get creative. Bear in mind that some groups won’t let you in unless you’re a chiropractor, gym owner, etc - so getting in the groups will be the hardest part. Once you’re in - post content a few times per week. Make sure non of it is salesy otherwise the admins will likely kick you out. Spend 45-60m per day engaging with people in the groups. Pick out the best 8-10 prospects a day (the limit) to send Fb friend requests to. Step 3: Massage a conversation into a meeting This step is really where you need to use more critical thinking on your part. Once someone has accepted your friend request or you’ve accepted someone else’s friend request - put them in your CRM as a lead. www.imarketing.courses I recommend you wait a few days until you reach out otherwise it’ll come off as too intense & once they’re in your CRM anyways, you won’t forget to reach out. The best way to reach out is to mention the commonality of the group, to ask them a question or if they’ve responded to your comment stack, use that.

Profile Funnel The platforms you can use Before you start: Using a profile funnel is really just a way to use social media to find leads, warm them up & use The System content to get in-bound or at least for receptive prospects. Step 1: Post content & make the If I could have just one form of outreach, this would be it. That said, it’s a very slow starter and takes market aware of who you are 3-6 months just to even warm up. After that point, it’ll bring in a nice steady stream of leads. A profile funnel is something you really need to stay consistent with. You can’t slack on the content Types of Posts nor the messaging. The platforms you can use Step 2: Engage & Connect With Prospects Facebook - This is definitely the gold standard in regards to profile funnels. It’s very easy to find ideal Step 3: Massage a conversation into a prospects in groups & soon enough you get high quality leads reaching out to you personally. meeting LinkedIn - There’s a behemoth module on this, so I won’t touch on it too much here. This platform has turned into a bit of a cesspool with all the automations, but it’s still powerful if you can build a niche personal brand on here. Instagram - Definitely inferior to Facebook, but still a very powerful place to build a niche personal brand, connect with people, post content/client wins & go from there. Twitter - I honestly didn’t realise until recently what a gold mine Twitter is. Definitely a place where you can build a micro niche brand & bring in a bunch of leads. Note: I’ll be using Facebook as the exemplar, but these tactics apply to all platforms. The System Post content & make the market aware of who you are. Engage & connect with prospects. Massage a conversation into a meeting. Step 1: Post content & make the market aware of who you are. The first step in this process is to optimise your Facebook profile. Here’s the steps in order to do this: Remove any of your Facebook friends from high school, college, colleagues, etc so you have a clean Facebook account. Some of the old posts are valuable though as they show that it’s not an entirely brand new account. Remove any photos that aren’t flattering in the biz world. Drinking photos, partying photos, etc. Make your bio explain exactly what you do & a CTA to book in a demo call, request an audit, whatever your angle is! Just use a regular banner, not anything too salesy as we don’t want to scare people away when they look at our profile. Once we get to 2,000 friends and have a stronger social presence, then it makes sense to add a banner. www.imarketing.courses Once you’ve done this - your profile is clean, presentable and ready to start posting content on. When it comes to posting content, the best thing you can do is have a posting schedule. I recommend you wait until you have 300 friends before you commit time to posting content. Once you get to 300 friends, then do short client win posts, questions to your market & punchy posts. No point in committing to heavy posts at this stage. From 1,000+ friends onwards, that’s when it really makes sense to post lengthier stuff and share what’s going on at the agency, long client testimonials, long value posts etc. 0-300 Facebook Friends: Do a post every 1-2 weeks, keep adding 10 friends a day & accept as many a day as you like. 300-1000 Facebook Friends: Post 3-5 times per week. 1,000+ Facebook Friends: Post every day. Types of Posts: Rather than giving you an exact schedule of what to post on what day, I’ll give you some frameworks and you can mix & match them. Client win - Self explanatory, you post a win from one of your clients. Pole - You throw up a pole on your FB profile & ask a question. Value Post - This is something long & substantial where you share some value with your audience. Commentary - Share your view on something, keep it punchy. Ask your audience what they think of it? Comment Stack - This is where you create a free resource for your audience & tell people to comment a specific word if they want it. This builds what's known as a comment stack. Now keep in mind that you can post multiple of the same type of post each week. I would definitely recommend that you check out some twitter accounts to see how people post punchy, engaging stuff. You want to make sure that it’s 80-90% value, humour, wins & easy to digest content, then 10-20% heavy hitting CTA content. Last thing to remember is you should post some of this content in FB groups where your ideal prospect resides. Just make sure you don’t do client wins or strong call to action posts. Step 2: Engage & Connect With Prospects On Facebook you can add 10 people per day, but accept as many friend requests as you like. In order to find ideal prospects & also have people start reaching out to you - the process is simple: Find 8-10 groups with your ideal customer. You might have to get creative. Bear in mind that some groups won’t let you in unless you’re a chiropractor, gym owner, etc - so getting in the groups will be the hardest part. Once you’re in - post content a few times per week. Make sure non of it is salesy otherwise the admins will likely kick you out. Spend 45-60m per day engaging with people in the groups. Pick out the best 8-10 prospects a day (the limit) to send Fb friend requests to. Step 3: Massage a conversation into a meeting This step is really where you need to use more critical thinking on your part. Once someone has accepted your friend request or you’ve accepted someone else’s friend request - put them in your CRM as a lead. www.imarketing.courses I recommend you wait a few days until you reach out otherwise it’ll come off as too intense & once they’re in your CRM anyways, you won’t forget to reach out. The best way to reach out is to mention the commonality of the group, to ask them a question or if they’ve responded to your comment stack, use that.

Example Linkedin Content Schedule Week 1 - Wednesday Week 1 - Monday Week 1 - Thursday Week 2 - Monday Week 2 - Wednesday Week 2 - Thursday What is the value of a (positive or negative) review? It’s actually possible to quantify using THIS method. Whilst most digital marketers agree positive reviews are vital for social proof - there’s always been a reluctance to ascribe an actual value to reviews. But according to a Google consumer survey from 2015 - there’s an easy way to measure the impact of a negative review. The survey found that a single negative review appearing in your SERP can turn off up to 22% of customers. It also found that: Three negative reviews can put off 59% of customers Four negative reviews can put off 70% of customers Meanwhile if your business has excellent reviews - customers will typically spend 31% more. If you’re considering implementing a review or feedback system on your website, or offering an incentive for customers to provide honest feedback - you can use this as a guideline for your investment. www.imarketing.courses Has this post changed your mind on the importance of positive reviews? Comment below and let me know 👇 #socialproof #CRO Week 1 - Wednesday Do you agree? I think copywriting - like any other digital marketing practice - has the potential to be used irresponsibly. #copywriting Week 1 - Thursday If you’re not doing this - you might as well not be running Facebook ads. Right now, head over to your Facebook page settings and click ‘Page Moderation’. www.imarketing.courses It’s an easy trick that will stop negative and spam comments from ruining your adverts. What’s your favourite Facebook advertising hack? #FacebookAds Week 2 - Monday Looking for recommendations! I love finding new and ethical brands to support when shopping online. Does anyone have any new vegan/ sustainable businesses they’d like to recommend? Tag them in the comments! Week 2 - Wednesday Anyone got any tips for dealing with colleagues who do not respect your professional boundaries? (Even if he is a good boy) www.imarketing.courses Week 2 - Thursday Some secrets are just too good to keep. Keep reading to find the Cart Abandonment subject line that increased our client’s open rates from 20% to 51%. Although we don’t offer CRO as a service at our agency, a couple of weeks ago, one of our new clients asked us to have a look through their system as a favour. We suggested a couple of tweaks - all of which have had small incremental benefits (from what we can track so far). But the subject line has resulted in the greatest difference. Previously, they had used a suggested Klayvio template. We updated it to read: “%FIRST.NAME% - everything OK?” Do you have any suggestions for one that would work better? Let me know

LinkedIn Content Frequency Before you start: What you’ll need: What to post/ What NOT to post An optimised LinkedIn account Engagement A Canva.com account Call to action LinkedIn is similar to other other social media channels: content is king. Sharing high-quality content frequently is your chance to: Accompanying media Display expertise through sharing informative content Hashtags Increase social proof with highly-engaged posts Distinguish yourself from other LinkedIn users who are primarily using the platform to sell Timings (don’t worry: you will be too, you just don’t want to appear salesy) by offering value Engage your network and increase inbound leads Example content schedule Frequency The frequency you post is determined by how seriously you take outreach on LinkedIn. If you plan to use the platform as your primary source of outreach, you should aim to post two-to-three times a week. But if you’re just performing basic housekeeping, you should aim to populate your account with three-to-five highly-engaged posts, similar to how you would create a nine-grid for your Instagram account. What to post/ What NOT to post Just like posting on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram, a lot comes down to common sense. Before you post something, ask yourself two questions: Is it written in the style that you’d send an email to your friends and family to highlight something? Would you send it round to colleagues to help them? www.imarketing.courses For example: This post offers no discernible value. You wouldn’t send it to your family and friends, and you wouldn’t send it to your colleagues. Whereas this post: Offers insight that’s relevant to their audience, and presents value. Here are some content ideas you may find useful: Look for relevant/ newsworthy topics and how they might apply to your niche or industry Include takeaways or action points Share ‘value’ - actual, tangible points. Don’t look for the sale in your posts. Share case studies, or recent examples of work - for example, in the Black Friday period, share what worked, and how businesses could include this in their own marketing www.imarketing.courses Don’t share uplifting stories. No one likes ‘LinkedIn Influencers’: Engagement Whilst Instagram’s algorithm takes into account hundreds of variables and inputs in deciding whether or not to ‘promote’ a post, LinkedIn is a bit more primitive, and a lot harsher. Posts either get viewed by your followers: or by no one at all. The trick to ensuring your posts don’t get lost is ensuring maximum engagement within the first 15 minutes. There are a few ways to achieve this: Share the post to your personal network, including family and friends via WhatsApp. Ask them to like and comment, ASAP. Form an ‘engagement’ circle with fellow agency owners or other experts in digital marketing and tag them in the comments below. Ask for their thoughts. Respond to comments - especially from potential prospects. Thank them for their thoughts. Call to action Whilst CTAs should always be included in posts - they should invite engagement and discussion NOT asking people to message you (unless relevant) or book in calls. Accompanying media The majority of posts on LinkedIn are still text-based so posts with accompanying media (like an image, video or GIF) are more likely to stand out in timelines. However, like on any other social media channel, LinkedIn users are naturally suspicious and resistant to graphically-designed posts which look like they’ve come from a brand. www.imarketing.courses Users also don’t tend to respond well to any literal or stock images. For example, writing about funnels and using an image like this: Instead, try to use images that appear natural - the ones that you would share in a WhatsApp group. For example: Ironically, lower-quality or organic images will often out-perform anything graphically-designed. So if you’re sharing a list of dos and don’ts - try writing them out on a piece of paper, taking a picture, and uploading it, rather than making an image. Hashtags Hashtags should be used sparingly. Whilst it’s possible to elevate the reach of your post if it’s featured in a ‘trending’, hashtags can look messy and distract from your post. Avoid hyper-competitive hashtags like #business or #motivation as they are unlikely to yield any results. Timings As LinkedIn is considered a business-only platform, you should avoid posting at all on Saturday or Sunday, or on any day outside of 9am-5pm. www.imarketing.courses Instead, stick to business hours. Hubspot found that posting between 8am to 2pm, Tuesday to Thursday yielded the greatest reach and engagement. Example content schedule Click here to read an example content schedule

LinkedIn Keywords Make sure to include the suggested keywords in your profile headline and summary. SEO Paid Traffic (Including Facebook & Google Advertising) Content Creation Facebook Advertising Social Media Management Google Advertising Instagram Advertising Website Design Facebook Ads Google Ads Instagram Ads eCommerce Cost per click CBO Real Estate Funnel Ecommerce Watch Dealers Real estate Facebook advertising ecommerce website design Home Improvement ecommerce seo agency ecommerce seo services ecommerce seo company Saas ecommerce packaging ecommerce photography ecommerce uk ecommerce consultant ecommerce marketing agency ecommerce manager zp ecommerce ecommerce ppc ecommerce seo audit ecommerce web designers ecommerce expo SEO SEO Marketing SEO On page SEO SEO Agency Backlinks SEO Consultant SEO Optimisation Content Creation Content Creator Photography Videography Editor User generated content TikTok Content Facebook Content Instagram Content www.imarketing.courses Social Media Management Social media manager Social media management Instagram growth TikTok Growth Twitter management Website Design Social media manager Social media management Instagram growth TikTok Growth Twitter management eCommerce Ecommerce Ecom CRO Checkout Abandoned carts Real Estate real estate lawyer real estate jobs real estate attorney real estate apprenticeship how to become a real estate agent real estate agent salary uk real estate license uk real estate agent salary real estate developer real estate band real estate law real estate finance real estate courses Watch Dealers swiss watch dealers watch dealers watch dealers london watch dealers uk vintage watch dealers rolex watch dealers hatton garden watch dealers watch dealers near me second hand watch dealers antique watch dealers uk vintage watch dealers uk watch dealers manchester vintage watch dealers london swiss watch dealers review www.imarketing.courses Home Improvement home improvement loans home improvement grants home improvement loan home improvement loans uk government home improvement disability grants for home improvement home improvement loan calculator loan for home improvement total home improvement best home improvement loans home improvement companies home improvement mortgage home improvement grants wales home improvement ideas uk home improvement centre home improvement contractors home improvement protection home improvement center home improvement episodes home improvement blog home improvement financing Saas saas funding saas fee saas marketing saas sales contact saas saas email


LinkedIn Keywords Make sure to include the suggested keywords in your profile headline and summary. SEO Paid Traffic (Including Facebook & Google Advertising) Content Creation Facebook Advertising Social Media Management Google Advertising Instagram Advertising Website Design Facebook Ads Google Ads Instagram Ads eCommerce Cost per click CBO Real Estate Funnel Ecommerce Watch Dealers Real estate Facebook advertising ecommerce website design Home Improvement ecommerce seo agency ecommerce seo services ecommerce seo company Saas ecommerce packaging ecommerce photography ecommerce uk ecommerce consultant ecommerce marketing agency ecommerce manager zp ecommerce ecommerce ppc ecommerce seo audit ecommerce web designers ecommerce expo SEO SEO Marketing SEO On page SEO SEO Agency Backlinks SEO Consultant SEO Optimisation Content Creation Content Creator Photography Videography Editor User generated content TikTok Content Facebook Content Instagram Content www.imarketing.courses Social Media Management Social media manager Social media management Instagram growth TikTok Growth Twitter management Website Design Social media manager Social media management Instagram growth TikTok Growth Twitter management eCommerce Ecommerce Ecom CRO Checkout Abandoned carts Real Estate real estate lawyer real estate jobs real estate attorney real estate apprenticeship how to become a real estate agent real estate agent salary uk real estate license uk real estate agent salary real estate developer real estate band real estate law real estate finance real estate courses Watch Dealers swiss watch dealers watch dealers watch dealers london watch dealers uk vintage watch dealers rolex watch dealers hatton garden watch dealers watch dealers near me second hand watch dealers antique watch dealers uk vintage watch dealers uk watch dealers manchester vintage watch dealers london swiss watch dealers review www.imarketing.courses Home Improvement home improvement loans home improvement grants home improvement loan home improvement loans uk government home improvement disability grants for home improvement home improvement loan calculator loan for home improvement total home improvement best home improvement loans home improvement companies home improvement mortgage home improvement grants wales home improvement ideas uk home improvement centre home improvement contractors home improvement protection home improvement center home improvement episodes home improvement blog home improvement financing Saas saas funding saas fee saas marketing saas sales contact saas saas email

Sales Navigator Industry List Accounting Airlines/Aviation Alternative Dispute Resolution Alternative Medicine Animation Apparel and Fashion Architecture and Planning Arts and Crafts Automotive Aviation and Aerospace Banking Biotechnology Broadcast Media Building Materials Business Supplies and Equipment Capital Markets Chemicals Civic and Social Organization Civil Engineering Commercial Real Estate Computer and Network Security Computer Games Computer Hardware Computer Networking Computer Software Construction Consumer Electronics Consumer Goods Consumer Services Cosmetics Dairy Defense and Space Design E-Learning Education Management Electrical/Electronic Manufacturing Entertainment Environmental Services Events Services Executive Office Facilities Services Farming Financial Services Fine Art Fishery Food and Beverages Food Production Fund-Raising Furniture Gambling and Casinos Glass, Ceramics and Concrete Government Administration Government Relations www.imarketing.courses Graphic Design Health, Wellness and Fitness Higher Education Hospital and Health Care Hospitality Human Resources Import and Export Individual and Family Services Industrial Automation Information Services Information Technology and Services Insurance International Affairs International Trade and Development Internet Investment Banking Investment Management Judiciary Law Enforcement Law Practice Legal Services Legislative Office Leisure, Travel and Tourism Libraries Logistics and Supply Chain Luxury Goods and Jewelry Machinery Management Consulting Maritime Market Research Marketing and Advertising Mechanical or Industrial Engineering Media Production Medical Devices Medical Practice Mental Health Care Military Mining and Metals Motion Pictures and Film Museums and Institutions Music Nanotechnology Newspapers Nonprofit Organization Management Oil and Energy Online Media Outsourcing/Offshoring Package/Freight Delivery Packaging and Containers Paper and Forest Products Performing Arts Pharmaceuticals Philanthropy Photography Plastics Political Organization Primary/Secondary Education Printing Professional Training and Coaching www.imarketing.courses Program Development Public Policy Public Relations and Communications Public Safety Publishing Railroad Manufacture Ranching Real Estate Recreational Facilities and Services Religious Institutions Renewables and Environment Research Restaurants Retail Security and Investigations Semiconductors Shipbuilding Sporting Goods Sports Staffing and Recruiting Supermarkets Telecommunications Textiles Think Tanks Tobacco Translation and Localization Transportation/Trucking/Railroad Utilities Venture Capital and Private Equity Veterinary Warehousing Wholesale Wine and Spirits Wireless Writing and Editing

Sending LinkedIn Messages Connection requests PLEASE NOTE: Templates and examples will be given in this Plug & Play. Do not copy templates word for word. New Connections Work to understand the theory behind templates and create your own. Content Engagement Before you start: Profile Views What you’ll need: An optimised LinkedIn account LinkedIn Sales Navigator Outreach on LinkedIn is a form of cold messaging like any other - but there are some peculiarities to the platform that are worth mentioning. Unlike with emails or DMs (the requested inbox notwithstanding) it’s not possible to message someone on LinkedIn unless you are connected with them The exception to this is if you use InMail messages. The standard Premium Sales account grants entitles you to 20 InMail messages monthly. Some users have a setting turned on which prevents them from receiving InMail messages but this is unusual. Connection requests Although you can send connection requests without a personalised note, LinkedIn advises that you include one. As you can see through this list of requests, requests with a message stand out and are more likely to be accepted: www.imarketing.courses If you send a connection request via LinkedIn, you will be offered this when you click ‘connect’ on another user’s profile. You will then be given an option to write the message when you click ‘Add a note’: If you choose to connect through the Sales Navigator, you will be given a slightly different prompt: Connection request messages are limited to 300 characters. In these you have a limited space to convey why you are requesting to connect with an individual, and why they may benefit from this connection. Here are some examples of bad connection requests: www.imarketing.courses This user has attempted a degree of personalisation: noting that Iman Gadzhi is a founder. However, the rest of the message indicates that they have made no effort otherwise to personalise the message or offer any compelling reason to connect. This user has made no attempt at personalisation and offers nothing in the way of value. In contrast, this user has performed a high degree of personalisation, taking time to note an article written by Iman, and asking to refer him to a similar article for his thoughts. There are no hard-and-fast rules or guarantees for getting connections, and whilst a message is much more likely to get your request accepted, it also depends on: Not just having an optimised profile, but one which will appeal to the requested user Having mutual connections The popularity of the individual When it comes to crafting your own connection message, make sure you: Personalise. Really personalise. Take the time to review the individual’s profile or anything you know about their business. Be genuine - don’t make up that you’ve bought their product/ watched their latest video/ read their latest article unless you haven Be friendly - not subservient - LinkedIn is for equals, you are a business owner. If you come across as obsequious, this will be off-putting as business owners will sense you want something from them. In messaging on Sales Navigator, you will be given relevant information about a lead that you can use to personalise. Let’s look at an example: www.imarketing.courses It takes only a few seconds to click on one of the three articles that Lee has shared, digest them and mention them in a message. For example: Hi Lee, Great article you shared about a vegan diet making you more productive. Always have a bar of Green & Blacks Roasted Almond to hand when near a deadline. I work closely with vegan companies and would love to connect and see if I can share any more (non-chocolate) tips. Thanks, Iman In this example, there is a clear personalisation and reference to something Lee has shared, a fun and familiar recommendation, and invitation to connect that is not imposing. Example icebreakers are: Honesty: the reason why you’re reaching out is that you’re looking to make more connections in the industry You saw one of their posts organically - this is credible if they have a popular/ viral post One of your shared connections has recommended them/ interacts with their content on LinkedIn You are a genuine fan of their business/ practice You are in a shared group New Connections As you make more connections on LinkedIn, and you are more active, you will start to receive inbound connection requests. You should still remain discerning in who you choose to accept to your network - for instance, other agency owners may only cloud and clutter your network. www.imarketing.courses Also bear in mind that some connections are not of direct benefit to you: i.e. potential clients but are of an ancillary benefit: they are close to others in an industry, represent a trade body, magazine etc. Tailor your messages to either type of connection: whilst you might wish to funnel a potential client to your agency website, case study, or to book in a call, you may wish for someone else to read and engage with more of your content. If a connection request comes in and you do choose to accept them, there are two options. If they have NOT included their own message request This is a great opportunity to direct a new connection to something that may interest them, and display an interest in their business. Do not bombard them with content or assume that them wanting to connect with you means that they want to set up a meeting with you. Instead start a polite conversation with them based on: Shared groups Shared connections Anything from their profile you find noteworthy Anything about their company you find noteworthy As the conversation progresses, you can then direct them to content. For example: Message 1: Hey Jade, Great to have you in my network! I’ve just had a quick chance to look at your website… and have to admit I didn’t realise the nasty stuff that’s actually in most candles. Not really one for burning them myself but super interested in vegan companies so always nice to find a new one. How did you end up deciding to start your own business? Iman Message 2: That’s such a sweet story. Can’t believe you’ve made this much progress in two years - genuinely quite excited to see where you’ll go next. You actually remind me of one of our clients @ExampleCompany who we started working with a couple of months ago. They’ve got loads of powerful and moving reviews like yours. We’ve used the reviews loads in their advertising for social proof. Have you run ads before? Iman www.imarketing.courses Message 3: No worries - yeah and I get why you haven’t, FB makes it out as being really easy but the reality is most businesses lose money running ads… not make it. If you want to see the general process behind running them for a company like @ExampleCompany, you can watch our case study, I’ll leave the link below. www.agency.com/case-study Would be great to discuss if these would work for you too! If you’ve got 15 mins this week, you can book a call on my calendar using this link: Agency.com/15-min-call Iman If they HAVE included their own message request Simply continue on in the same vein as their message. Why did they want to connect? Had you posted a piece of content, or are you in the same group? Content Engagement As you share more and more content - in particular articles - you will notice engagement from outside of your network. You can track this on posts: It’s worth opening up to 10 tabs at a time to view and inspect each profile. Do a basic check to see if you have messaged them previously. Just as with incoming message requests, profiles will usually fall into two categories: Potential leads Ancillary connections Or, alternatively, profiles that are not worth engaging with (competing agency owners, service providers in the same industry). www.imarketing.courses In both instances, and if you have not messaged the individual previously, you can use this as an opportunity to build a connection with them, using a connection request referring to the content they have engaged with. Profile Views If you have a premium LinkedIn account, you will be able to see who has viewed your profile within the last 90 days. LinkedIn offers prompts to show you how people found your profile including: Via HomePage Via MyNetwork Via LinkedIn Company Page Via LinkedIn Profile Via LinkedIn Search As your LinkedIn Profile becomes associated with your agency and your name when leads search for you on Google, expect to be found via leads you have reached out to elsewhere. If you are diligent in accepting/ rejecting requests, you will find that many of those who have viewed your profile have already sent you a connection request. In the event that someone has viewed your profile, has not sent a request, you have not interacted with them elsewhere (via email for example) you can either send a connection request with a personalised message, or an InMail. For example: Hey Colin, Hope you don’t mind me sending a message: I saw that you viewed my profile yesterday. I’m pretty active on LinkedIn when it comes to vegan companies - you might have seen my latest post about an easy way to increase conversions using testimonials. I’ve written quite an in-depth article about this which you may find useful! I’ll link to it below. LINK Lovely to connect with you - hope we get the chance to have a virtual coffee soon. Regards, Iman

Before you start: Your settings What you’ll need: The basics An optimised LinkedIn account Searching Using Sales Navigator requires a premium LinkedIn subscription. Go to LinkedIn Premium and select ‘Sales’. Search results Saving a search Saving leads to a list Your settings Before you do anything else, make sure you review your settings. Go to the the settings section of Sales Navigator and select:: ‘Your name, headline, and location’. Next, head to Sales Preferences where you have the following options: Geographies This is self explanatory: this is where you select your preferences by country, state, city, town or region. You can select multiple areas. Industry Whilst you may only work in one niche, it might make sense to make a selection of multiple industries. Please note, LinkedIn only offers selection from an established list. You can read this here . Company size www.imarketing.courses You can choose between: Self-employed, 1-10, 11-50, 51-200, 201-500, 501-1000, 1001-5000, 5001-10,000, 10,000+ It’s down to you to decide which company size to pursue but most SMMA owners will prefer to work with businesses between 1-150. Function Function describes the individuals ‘function’ or role within a business: for instance, they may work in Real Estate, but as an accountant, or in human resources - chances are you wouldn’t want to reach out to them. Instead, you’re better to leave this unselected, or select ‘marketing’. Accounting Administrative Arts and Design Business Development Community and Social Services Consulting Education Engineering Entrepreneurship Finance Healthcare Services Human Resources Information Technology Legal Marketing Media and Communication Military and Protective Services Operations Product Management Program and Project Management Purchasing Quality Assurance Real Estate Research Sales Support Seniority level Once you’re inside the Sales Navigator , you’ll see the ‘Home page’ - complete with updates across accounts and leads you follow, as well as insights into your profile. You can ignore this and head straight to the top tab where you’ll see: Account lists Lead lists Messaging Admin Accounts are businesses that you follow. This is mostly irrelevant when it comes to outreach, where you’re more likely to follow individual leads rather than entire businesses: you should identify a single decision maker as part of your research. In contrast, leads are individuals: the personal profiles of people on LinkedIn. Searching www.imarketing.courses The search function on Sales Navigator is the most important one. You can either search through the top search bar, or click ‘All filters’ to open up this box: If you have filled in you sales preferences, you can use the toggle on the top right to automatically fill in your preferences: As your sales preferences are unlikely to change with each search, the most important element of each search is ‘Keywords’. This is also where you can use a technique known as ‘Boolean Search’. This sounds complicated and imposing: don’t worry it’s not. It’s as simple as including the terms: OR AND NOT www.imarketing.courses In keywords, along with the variable of inserting terms into quotation marks, or brackets. Quotation marks are used to group keywords into a phrase, for example “ethical footwear” Brackets are used to group Boolean parameters, for example Vegan NOT (food OR catering) The majority of searches you perform will not require Boolean search terms. Search results Once you have completed a search, with your terms and keywords you will be presented with a list of results: With your results, you can either: Filter further using the Filters tab on the left Save the search Save individual leads to a list Save multiple leads to a list Saving a search If a search proves useful or yields positive results, you can save an entire search - this will autoupdate. Click: www.imarketing.courses And you will be presented with: Name the search and choose the frequency that you’ll be updated on the list. It’s okay to choose ‘never’. Saving leads to a list Whilst saving a search will provide you with your entire list of results, it’s possible to save an individual lead to a list. This is important for automation but also in collating leads. Note: you can add a lead that you have previously saved to another list by clicking ‘Add to another list’.


Email Personalisation Email personalisation is essential to a successful email campaign. Failure to do so will result in a quick ABC Personalisation dismissal of your email, even if it is opened. Personalisations are often referred to as ‘icebreakers’. They should be kept short, in one-or-two sentences, and genuine. Individual Personalisation Individual personalisation is the most effective but most time consuming form of email personalisation. It involves going through each one of your leads and researching their business enough to provide a personalised compliment. The most obvious choices of personalisation are a company’s corporate social responsibility initiatives e.g., sustainability, charity. For example: Lead: BULLDOG Skincare “Hey %F.Name%, Massive congratulations for achieving a carbon neutral certification for your moisturisers! That’s such an awesome thing you guys are doing for the environment. Lead: Neon Moon “Hey %F.Name%, You guys are awesome. Seriously. Seeing representation of so many different body types in marketing is incredibly important - thank you for helping so many improve their body confidence. However, note that for some brands or companies, it may be difficult to find a CSR angle. So instead, you could try another tactic like admiration, humour or something specific to the niche. www.imarketing.courses For example: Lead: Mayors Watches London “Hey %F.Name%, Full transparency: it’s a guilty pleasure of mine to check out your latest additions when I break for lunch.. I came close to selling a kidney when I saw the Speedmaster ‘TinTin’ came in a few days ago... Lead: Super Smiles Boston “Hey %F.Name%, What’s the worst time to get a dentist’s appointment? 2.30. Get it? Tooth...hurty… Sorry. I’ll move on: A common mistake agency owners make in outreach is to lie or exaggerate to leads. This comes across as incredibly disingenuous. For example, stating that you own - or intend to purchase a product. Note that in all the examples - this hasn’t been hinted, and the admiration appears genuine. Note: You might also wish to personalise your message with reference to where you found the lead. For example, if you heard them on a podcast, read about them in an article, or on Groupon - reference this. ABC Personalisation Whilst individual personalisation is incredibly time consuming, ABC Personalisation is much more efficient and can be easily outsourced. ABC Personalisation involves creating three personalisations which can be applied to multiple companies within one niche. For example, if you were emailing companies in the babycare niche you could employ the following personalisations: Personalisation A: “Hey %F.Name%, It’s incredible to see a company that puts such a focus on natural and raw materials into baby care products - massive kudos for this.” Personalisation B: “Hey %F.Name%, I don’t think I’ve ever seen a babycare website with so many positive reviews. Thank you for improving the lives of new moms everywhere.” Personalisation C: www.imarketing.courses “Hey %F.Name%, It’s not often I come across a product designed for babies that I would quite like myself but in the case of %COMPANY% I think I’ve found it…” Once you have created your ABC personalisations, you can then go through your leads and add ‘A’, ‘B’, or ‘C’ next to each name. There will still be outliers but this remains an effective way of creating mass personalisation.

How To Create Your Email Script What you’ll need: Reporting A warmed-up email address Subject lines Introduction Icebreakers/ Personalisation There is no such thing as the perfect email script. And whilst you will find numerous examples of outreach scripts inside Agency Navigator, it’s important to note that even though one agency owner Mail-Merge might achieve high open, click-through and response rate with one script, another might fail to achieve a single open. Segue There are multiple variables at work outside of the script including: Hooks Niche Service offering CTAs Lead quality Geography Sign-Offs Sending times Follow-Ups/ Cadence/ Frequency So it’s much more important to understand the basics and fundamentals of creating a script rather than just following or importing someone else’s template. Reporting The success of an email script is measured in three ways: Open Rate Click-Through-Rate Response Rate Whilst these are the easiest and most obvious indicators of the success of an email script, and are listed in order of importance, you may find variations within this: for example, emails with lower open rates which yield greater response rates. Subject lines As mentioned above, subject lines are the most important element of any email script. Most email inboxes are deluged with thousands of emails a month from friends, family, and colleagues as well as updates for the hundreds of platforms they subscribe to, stores they shop from, and long-forgotten newsletters they once read. The result is that unlike text messages, the majority of emails go unopened. So standing out in someone’s email inbox comes down to three things: Familiarity Urgency Pattern Interrupts www.imarketing.courses Familiarity is difficult to achieve with just your subject line. But to achieve it, ask the question: what would an email subject line from your mum or best friend look like? Example: Can you check x We NEED this Drinks tomorrow?? Urgency is more straightforward but is easy to get wrong and can come across as spammy. Example: Urgent: FAO %First.Name% [Response Needed] Problem Detected: Fix Immediately Pattern Interrupts are the most useful tool to deploy with subject lines. They require something which interrupts the pattern of the individual scanning their inbox. This can be achieved with unusual formatting, a select choice of words, numbers, symbols or something even more unusual. Importantly, these can be combined with genuine subject lines. These are less likely to wind people up or make them think they have been tricked (which can lead to an instant dismissal of an email once it is opened). Example: [Coffee] - %First.Name% do you have time? only 16.3 seconds left :/ we need to talk Note: these are not mutually exclusive and can be combined. Icebreakers/ Personalisation Icebreakers are the first thing that your recipients will read. They are incredibly-important and vital not just to capture their attention, but to avoid the perception that your email has been sent out to multiple accounts. Consider this email: www.imarketing.courses The company sending this has attempted to include an icebreaker after their initial introduction: ‘My team really likes what you do’. This comes across as insincere and completely unpersonalised. Now consider: This icebreaker suggests that the individual has actually gone to the lengths to watch Iman Gadzhi’s YouTube channel, binge watch its content, and compliment a specific video. This is far more likely to engender a response - or even the recipient reading the rest of the email. Note: Icebreakers/ Personalisation is time-consuming. Read our full guide to them here . Mail-Merge Automated email scripts should always include mail-merges. This is vital for the greeting salutation (Hi Iman) and useful-but-not-essential for the body copy. Emails should always begin with ‘Hi/Hey/ Greetings (First/Name)’. If you are using manual email outreach, this is easy to input. If you are using LemList, make sure to use their automated mail merge inputs. They are formatted as: [[firstName]]. In the body copy of the email, it is tempting to continue to use mail-merge to create the illusion of personalisation, and whilst this is useful, it can also backfire. Example: And I hate to break it to you [[firstName]] , but I’m seeing a lot of these problems in your business. This comes across as creepy, patronising and over-familiar. As a general rule, if you wouldn’t write something in an email to a friend, family member or colleague, you shouldn’t write it in an outreach email. But it’s possible to use mail merge within other elements of the body copy. www.imarketing.courses Example: Pretty much every single one of [[companyName]]’s competitors are running Facebook ads. This can be applied across hundreds of leads and does not appear overly-familiar but instead creates the impression that you have done your due diligence in researching your recipient’s business. Segue The segue is a small but important part of your email. It goes in between the icebreaker and the hook and it’s your way of conveying authentically how you came to be emailing the recipient. Example: ...whilst I was on your website, I noticed you didn’t have a Facebook pixel installed? We’re looking at wearable tech currently and I was genuinely excited by the prospect of working with you. Hooks Hooks are more accurately expressed as ‘Why Am I Sending This Email’ (WAISTE). After your salutation and icebreaker, it’s time to explain to your recipient why you emailed them in the first place. There are two hooks you can use in your email: Problem: You explain that the recipient has a problem. For example, they don’t have a Facebook pixel installed, they do but they aren’t running Facebook ads, they aren’t running enough variations of Facebook ads, they have a newsletter but aren’t sending out regular emails, they don’t have a cart abandonment email, their CRO needs improvement etc. Pitch: You have an opportunity that the recipient needs to avail themselves of (for example, an offer, relevance to their industry), an outstanding case study, a ‘secret trick’ to achieving great results Problem emails are the bread and butter of email outreach. As discussed previously, it’s important to test each and every email you send with the following question: would you send it to a family member, a friend, or colleague? Problem emails pass this test easily: you would point out to someone you were close with an issue that they had with their website. Pitch emails are more difficult to get right. They require impressive results or a timely opportunity. For example, if you sent an email letting someone know that, momentarily, you could get their Instagram account verified, or increase the conversion rate of their website by a high percentage, this would be a compelling enough hook. CTAs Call-to-Actions (CTAs) are the main objective of your email. They include: www.imarketing.courses Asking the recipient to reply and affirm they are interested in receiving further correspondence, for example a Loom, link to a case study, or link to book call (Affirmation CTA) Asking the recipient to click through to your Calendly/ Acuity and make an appointment (Book a Call CTA) Asking the recipient to click through to your website to watch a case study (Case Study CTA) CTAs are controversial in the world of cold emails and many people recommend that you only include CTAs after the first email in the chain or only use the affirmation CTA, and then follow-up with something that requires more commitment. This is a personal decision but you should be aware that for most people, if they receive an email and they have to take further action to achieve information, they will most likely not do so. Therefore it’s wise to include at least one obvious CTA that can be re-referred to in follow-up emails. Sign-Offs They might seem incredibly straightforward but sign-offs form a vital part of microcommunication that will determine the way in which your email is interpreted. Keep it semi-formal, friendly and non-sycophantic for example: Speak soon, Iman Thanks, Iman Next, consider a P.S.: People often skip to the end of emails, ignoring the body copy completely. It also serves as a final reminder and opportunity for you to make their response a ‘no-brainer’ or include a reminder for your CTA. Follow-Ups/ Cadence/ Frequency Automated email scripts tend to follow a four-email format: E0: This is the initial email E1: This is the follow-up to the first email. It’s a polite nudge. E2: This is the explainer email. The one that goes into more detail. E3: This is the ‘break-up’ email. The one that gives the recipient one last chance to respond or take action. These should be sent with the following cadence: E0: Sent on Day 0 E1: Sent the day after you sent E0. E2: Sent two days after you sent E1. E3: Sent two days after you sent E2. The follow-ups should be formatted as: www.imarketing.courses E0: Personalised Salutation, Icebreaker, Segue, Hook, CTA, Sign-Off E1: Most automated email sequences receive a response to either E0 or E1. E1’s purpose is to provide a polite ‘nudge’ to the recipient: they might have already read they email, or intended to reply but haven’t done so yet. It serves a similar purpose to a retargeting advert. E2: This email is your last chance to provide a thoughtful, considered argument for following through with your CTA. It should be longer-form, refer more to statistics, a narrative, competitors, and emphasise the ease and lack of commitment with following through to your CTA. E3: This is a ‘breakup’ email. 90% of the time, it won’t be responded to but it is your final chance to establish your credibility and leave a long-lasting impression on leads. This should be short and stress that it is the severance of the relationship you have with your client - and that they are missing out by not contacting you again.

How To Set Up A Lemlist Campaign What you’ll need: A warmed-up email address A set up LemList Account An email script Create a new campaign When you first access app.lemlist.com , you’ll be presented with this screen: In the bottom left-hand corner, click ‘New Campaign’ . Use your own naming convention, select an emoji (unimportant) and create a label. Labels are useful for analysing reporting later. Then click ‘Next’. www.imarketing.courses Click ‘CSV’ - or enter emails manually. If you upload a .CSV file, LemList will automatically match fields. Click ‘Next’. Whilst LemList offers a vast selection of email inspirations, you should still create your own templates and scripts that you are confident in. Select ‘Blank’. www.imarketing.courses Next, add your first email outreach. Make sure to include a subject line as this can be used for future emails in your sequence. Once you have inputted this, click ‘add a new step’. You can leave the subject line blank if you would like to use the same subject line as the previous step. Choose the number of days you would like to wait to send the next step (note, you can select that if a lead replies, they will not receive the next step). Then input the next message. www.imarketing.courses You can repeat this process with multiple messages. Click ‘Next’. Choose a schedule - either your local time zone, or the one that would best apply to the location you are reaching out to. Next, select that you will only send messages on weekdays. Leave in the default times and waiting period between sending messages. Select the email address you will send the email through, and to stop sending messages when a lead replies. Then click ‘Create the campaign’. www.imarketing.courses Finally, review the emails to be sent to each individual lead. Whilst you can insert individual icebreakers, this is your chance to include final notes or variations per lead.

While you may already have an email account for your agency, you can still follow many of these steps to ensure maximum deliverability. Your Profile Domain: Your Signature Remember: the name of your agency isn’t important, nor is the domain. Don’t try and purchase something expensive: keep it simple. And where possible, stick with a ‘.com’ suffix Purchase your domain via Google Domains , using your existing email account: this could be your personal email address, which even if it does not end with ‘@gmail’, can be used to create a gmail account. Select your domain and click ‘add to basket’. Next, go to your basket and add ‘Google Workspace’ with ‘Business Standard’. There is little difference between Starter and Standard: but with standard you receive a massive amount of storage within the subscription, as opposed to only 30GB. This can eliminate the cost of DropBox or other tools. Once you have checked out, you should receive an email to your primary email address with your receipt, and logins for your new email account. Your Profile: Although Google does not reveal the rules behind deliverability, we can guess that the more complete a profile, the more likely Google will deliver your email into the main inbox, rather than categories or spam. And something as simple as an approachable profile photo can hugely increase the chances your email will be opened on a desktop. Once you have logged into your new email, go to the profile of the account that you have just created. Make sure you fill in your: Full name Date of birth Gender Next, go to the users section of Google Workspace. Upload a smiling image of yourself: make it friendly and approachable. Your Signature: Your email signature is another example of the small increments and subtext that can make outreach successful. It can also affect deliverability unless implemented correctly. Don’t use images, it can affect deliverability Don’t use a link in your outreach email - the more links in an email, the worse the deliverability will be Keep it simple and clean Demonstrate ethos (credibility) with a review, testimonial or feature For example: James Walker Founder | The Pet Agency w: growyouragency.com e: james@thepetagency.com Testimonials: Happy Paws Co. | Natural Animal Nutrition | BespokeCollar

Before you start: Connect Your Email Provider A domain A fully setup email address Connect Your Tracking Domain LemList is a software which allows you to automate the delivery of multiple emails a day, schedule automatic follow-ups and monitor your email campaigns. Click here to sign up to LemList with an exclusive lifetime 20% discount. At checkout, use the code 'CIARANENAGROWURAGENCYSCHOOL' Connect Your Email Provider If you have created your domain and email using Google WorkSpace, you can easily connect this to your LemList account here Connect Your Email Provider Go to the team section of settings and enter in your agency’s website here: Once you have entered your domain, LemList will offer values to enter into your domain’s DNS settings. If you have purchased your domain through Google, go to Google domains . www.imarketing.courses Next to your list of domains, click ‘Manage’. On the left-hand panel, go to ‘DNS’. Scroll to the bottom of the page to ‘Custom Resource Records’ Change ‘A’ to ‘CNAME’. Copy the ‘Host’ value (Trail) into the ‘Name’ box. Copy the ‘Value’ value (custom.lemlist.com) into the domain name. Once you have entered this, click ‘Setup my tracking domain’. Please note this may take up to 72 hours to populate - so don’t worry if this doesn’t work straight away!

If you automate your cold email outreach using LemList, you can avail yourself of their reporting tools built into the platform. Tracking Manual outreach requires a plug-in that you install on your browser. Snov.io offers a subscription-free, unlimited email tracking plugin. Installation Click the link above to install the Chrome plugin on your browser. Next, navigate to Gmail. You will receive a prompt asking you if you want to turn this on for your inbox. Tracking All emails sent from the browser (not from your phone, or an email client like Outlook) will be tracked. This will be displayed as:

Before you start: Newsletters What you’ll need: Friends/ Family A domain A fully setup email address LemWarm Email addresses aren’t like phone numbers: they don’t work out of the box. To ensure deliverability, it’s important to ‘warm up’ the email you use. It doesn’t matter if you’ve used a separate inbox/ username on the same domain: each address needs to be warmed up. But this step is particularly important for new email addresses from new domains. Newsletters Sign up to a few newsletters to increase the number of inbound emails in your inbox. This is an easy way to signal to your domain that you are using your inbox legitimately. Friends/ Family Next: email your family and friends. If your email lands in their spam folder or in the ‘Categories’ section of their Gmail inbox, ask them to move it to their primary inbox. Make sure to conduct ‘conversations’ with email threads of between three-to-four emails each, replying. LemWarm LemWarm is a function offered by Lemlist which emails other Lemlist users and conducts ‘conversations’ complete with replies on your behalf. If any of your emails make it to the categories, or Spam folder of the other user’s account, they are moved into the primary inbox. This is an excellent service and - regardless of whether you choose to use Lemlist for outreach or not - you should use this. LemWarm is offered as a separate, cheaper subscription to LemList but is included in standard plans. You only need this for one month. => How to Set Up LemList Once you have set up your LemList account, you can begin using LemWarm. You will need to use this service for at least 14 days before sending cold emails but ideally you should wait 30 days before using this email address for outreach. You only have two variables to select: The number of warm-up emails sent per day after the initial ‘ramp-up’ period (i.e. the period in which LemWarm slowly sends more and more emails from your account. LemList advises that if the email address (regardless of the domain it is attached to) is younger than six months, you should select 30, and if the email address is older than six months, you should select 40. The ramp-up increment per day (i.e. by the increment of emails LemWarm sends on a daily basis until it reaches the maximum number set by the previous variable) Again, LemList advises that for email addresses younger than six months, you choose a more conservative value of 1, and for older than six months, 2 per day. After 30 days, simply ‘pause’ this function. If you have used LemList exclusively for this purpose, you can now cancel your subscription. If you continue to use LemList, you can use this function during any period where you are not performing email outreach, to keep your email rates high.

How to Find Leads and Respond to them on Upwork How to respond to leads You’ll need: A completed UpWork Profile Login to UpWork and go to your home page . In the ‘Search for jobs’ tab, try a variety of keywords to find jobs posted that you can respond to. For example, ‘social media marketing’. Remember, just like how the price listed in your profile is an indicator of the general price of your services, you should also consider the price listed, as well as the length of the contract and the services required in the same way. www.imarketing.courses For example, if a client lists that they want full digital marketing management for their brand, including SEO, email marketing, social media management, community management and more, it does not mean that they are not interested in paid advertising - or vice versa. It’s important to read between the lines in job postings. In specific instances, companies are looking to fulfill certain requirements (for example gaining over 10,000 Twitter followers)- or even whitelabel services for their own agency. But the majority of postings are looking to result in a single outcome: to make more money. Let’s look at some examples of job postings: This is an example of a poorly-qualified job posting. The poster is most likely speculating and investigating whether the standard of responses and work available on UpWork. They have not even created their business yet, and it’s likely they do not have a significant amount of budget to set aside. This is an example of an established business (albeit one that may not have a substantial business) which is looking for marketing on Facebook and Instagram. The poster seems to have little understanding of this area of digital marketing but may be interested in a results-based service such as Facebook advertising, rather than what appears to be a request for social media management. www.imarketing.courses This job post is explicitly looking for a Facebook ads specialist. Whilst this is explicitly the service you offer, also beware that this account may only be looking for a media buyer/ Facebook advertiser rather than an agency. How to respond to leads Once you find a lead to respond to, click: At this point, you will be given the opportunity to submit a proposal using ‘Connects’ - Upwork’s digital tokens. Each new account receives a limited number of tokens, and can purchase more tokens to apply for new jobs. Most jobs require six tokens to respond. Remember, price is just indicative. Select the same hourly rate as your profile. Next, it’s time to write your cover letter. There are five components of a successful cover letter. You should write this once, and then modify and replicate it for each response. 1. Introduction & Repetition www.imarketing.courses Treat this as you would the opening of an email. Thank the poster for putting their job requirement up. Next, repeat what they have put. Reiterate it, or use the same words so they feel you have understood their post. For example: Thank you for posting your job requirement for lead generation for your insurance business. It’s really important for you to have a consistent flow of leads and I’d love to help you get these. 2. Differentiation 1 Now it’s time to differentiate yourself from other respondents. Implant the idea that your response is genuine, and that you can actually help this individual. For example: I’m sure you’ll get quite a few responses to this post that don’t quite offer what you’re looking for. Rest assured: I’ve had the chance to evaluate your requirements and I’m really confident - and excited - that I could fulfill these. 3. Identity Establish your credentials. My name’s Will and I run a digital marketing agency that helps businesses generate leads using Facebook and Google advertising. We really only do one thing - so you can rest assured that we know how to do it well. 4. Results & Recommendations Establish your credibility. We work with a number of businesses to provide consistent and reliable lead generation. Most recently, we’ve achieved fantastic results for a funeral planning business, creating a lead magnet, back-end email system and series of Facebook and Google adverts, achieving an extremely low cost-per-lead and simultaneously ensuring leads are highly-qualified and high-quality. I would love to show you this example in particular, and share some of the great feedback we’ve had from this client. 5. Differentiation 2 As with your initial differentiation, this is another opportunity to distinguish and elevate your response from and above others. As I’m sure you’ve noticed, working with someone on Upwork isn’t always the most straight-foward proposition, so I’d like to take the chance to reassure you that if we did work together, it would be an incredibly simple process. There would be no endless back-and-forth, or long delays in getting going. You would instantly receive a single questionnaire which you would use to fill in your details, objectives, domain information and more. From there, within just a few days, we would be live and getting you results. We’ll provide weekly reporting, and frequent check-ins, and deliver your leads directly into your CRM as soon as they are received. 6. CTA www.imarketing.courses Finally, if possible, steer the conversation away from UpWork, and make the interaction as unburdensome as possible. It’s really important to me that I can guarantee you a consistent and high-quality lead flow, so even though I’m extremely confident this is possible, I’m also conscious that you may also have questions about me and the process so I’d love to offer you a quick 15 minute call before we decide to work together. I can offer you some free advice - and even if we decide it’s not the best fit, I’m sure you would benefit from this enormously. Feel free to choose a time that works for you here:

